What is a gras?
What is a herbivore?
What does a king of beasts eat?
What is phloem part of?
Which plant parts is part of a stem?
Which carnivore eats an animal?
Which carnivore eats only a herbivore?
Which terrestrial animal eats only a plant parts?
Which plant parts is part of some plant?
Which animal eats some animal?
True or false: A lion eats an animal.
Does a warthog eat grass?
True or false: A lion lives on only land.
Does a king of beasts live on only land?
A humble bee participates in hibernating. True or false?
Does a humble bee participate in flying?
What is a two dimensional physical entity?
What is a compound of collective material entities?
What agent does a manifest have?
What agent does an use have?
Which consume action has an agent that is a legal person?
Which exploit has a condition that is a pay action?
Which temporal results only a manifestation?
Which use objects only a performance?
Which exploit has a condition that is some pay action?
Which disagree action has a consequence that is some ownership info?
Does an improvise result a performance?
Does a record result a recording?
An improvise objects only work. True or false?
Does a perform result only a performance?
True or false: A sell has a consequence that is some ownership info.
Does a rent have a condition that is some pay action?
What is a card?
What is a monumental area or complex?
What is an event a site of?
What sub event does a project have?
Which cultural entity is part of a cultural entity?
Which geographical area is held by an agent?
Which creative work is held by only an agent?
Which ticket has a ticket that is only a ticket?
Which cultural entity has a type that is some cultural institute or site type?
Which cultural entity has a type that is some cultural institute or site type?
True or false: A semantic asset has an access condition that is an access condition.
Creative work involves a cultural entity. True or false?
True or false: A price specification has validity that is only validity.
Does a theatre have a member that is only a cultural entity?
A site is a site of some cultural entity. True or false?
Is a name in time a valid during some time interval?
What is a soho?
What is a parma ham topping?
What base does a vegetarian pizza2 have?
What is a red onion topping a topping of?
Which domain thing has a base that is a pizza base?
Which vegetarian topping has a base that is a domain thing?
Which spiciness is an ingredient of only an american hot?
Which pizza topping has a spiciness that is only a hot?
Which food has a spiciness that is some value partition?
Which named pizza has an ingredient that is some mozzarella topping?
A value partition has a base that is an olive topping. True or false?
An onion topping is a topping of a pizza. True or false?
True or false: A value partition is a topping of only a parmezan topping.
A chicken topping has a base that is only food. True or false?
A siciliana has an ingredient that is some garlic topping. True or false?
Does a parmense have an ingredient that is some domain thing?
What is being a solid?
What is a solid foam?
What stuff distribution does a liquid aerosol have?
What is a piece part of?
Which endurant inheres in a gel?
Which endurant has a granule type that is a container?
Which endurant has a portion that is only a drop?
Which physical object has a granule type that is only a dispersion colloid?
Which homogeneous mixture has proper part that is some stuff?
Which physical endurant is a portion of some amount of stuff?
A physical region instantiations that is a suspension. True or false?
Does a solid foam have a quale that is an associational colloid?
A solute is scattered stuff part of only a slice. True or false?
True or false: Being a liquid inheres in only stuffing state.
Pure stuff has a granule type that is some physical object. True or false?
A paste has a granule type that is some multi molecule particle. True or false?
What parent does a has conjunct have?
What child does a has word conjunct have?
Which dependency relation has a parent that is a non initial coordinating conjunction?
Which morphosyntactic category has a specificity that is a nonspecific?
Which attributive pronoun has a specificity that is some nonspecific?
Which pronoun or determiner has a specificity that is some nonspecific?
Does a nonspecific pronoun have a specificity that is a nonspecific?
A nonspecific pronoun has a specificity that is a nonspecific. True or false?
An impersonal verb has a semantic valency that is some atransitive. True or false?
Does a has conjunct have a parent that is some non initial coordinating conjunction?